Update the Technical FAQ section in Wazuh Cloud Service (#8407)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: CHANGELOG.md

- Added CISA to the vulnerability source enumerations and compatibility matrix. ([#8201](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/8201))
- **Post-release**: Added new configuration options to the MS Graph integration documentation. ([#8226](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/8226))
- **Post-release**: Added Wazuh indexer API documentation. ([#8231](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/8231))

> - **Post-release**: Added a new table with the possible status of an environment to the cloud documentation. ([#31492](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-saas/issues/31492))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Post-release**: Added a table describing the possible environment statuses in the cloud service documentation. ([#8407](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/pull/8407))
```
